TODO.rst, before:

==========
To-Do List
==========

.. |ss| raw:: html

   <strike>

.. |se| raw:: html

   </strike>




Report
------
- introduction
  - motivation (national risk thing, satellites)
  - physics background
  - other approaches that have been tried (Dods)
- theory
  - all the stuff


Coding/Visualisations
---------------------
- |ss| network plot on globe (over time) |se|
  - |ss| lag magnitude represented by color |se|
  - |ss| lag direction (+/-) represented by arrow? |se|
- plot of angles (over time)
- |ss| one chain, fixed longitude |se|
  - |ss| heatmap (over time) of cca coefficients - thresholds |se|
- flocking plots and numbers
- get network parameters (for each minute)
  - |ss| clustering coefficient |se|
  - |ss| average degree of each node |se|
  - |ss| average number of edges (normalised) |se|
  - coloring?
  - other Dods suggestions...
    - average geodesic connection distance
    - number of connection in a latitudinal band
- |ss| find good-looking event for report |se|
  - compare to a "normal" day

Commit message:

Added CCA Angle Plots (#69)
* added plot_cca_ang_pair

* added cca_ang plots

TODO.rst, after:

==========
To-Do List
==========

.. |ss| raw:: html

   <strike>

.. |se| raw:: html

   </strike>




Report
------
- introduction
  - motivation (national risk thing, satellites)
  - physics background
  - other approaches that have been tried (Dods)
- theory
  - all the stuff


Coding/Visualisations
---------------------
- |ss| network plot on globe (over time) |se|
  - |ss| lag magnitude represented by color |se|
  - |ss| lag direction (+/-) represented by arrow? |se|
- plot of angles (over time)
  - |ss| line plot of one pair over time (time vs angle) |se|
  - heatmap of stations, color is angle
  - animate heatmap
- |ss| one chain, fixed longitude |se|
  - |ss| heatmap (over time) of cca coefficients - thresholds |se|
- flocking plots and numbers
- get network parameters (for each minute)
  - |ss| clustering coefficient |se|
  - |ss| average degree of each node |se|
  - |ss| average number of edges (normalised) |se|
  - coloring?
  - other Dods suggestions...
    - average geodesic connection distance
    - number of connection in a latitudinal band
- |ss| find good-looking event for report |se|
  - compare to a "normal" day
